Make me a spending tracker app. The app should be able to read sms and automatically make spending entries. E.g. if the user receives an sms saying - 'spent rs. 724 on hdfc bank card 2567 on blinkit', the app should be able to read the sms and make an entry of spending of Rs. 724. There should be a note field for each expense which specifies where the expense was; in the above example note will say blinkit. Also, there should be a field to specify expense medium i.e. how the expense was done. In the above example it would be using card 2567. If its not clear from sms, default value can be card which user can edit later. User should have an option to see expenses for each expense medium. There should be several categories for expenses like Grocery, Eating Out, Bills, Clothes, Flights, Trains, Taxis, Hotels, Education, Medicines, Health, Subscriptions, Beauty, Entertainment, House, Salary, Deposits, Miscellaneous. It should with time learn to categorize expenses into diifferent categories with user feedback. If it sees and inserts a new expense and is not sure which category to put into, it can send a notification asking user to choose category. Once user inputs category, it should use that category for future similar expenses. By default, it can put expenses in miscellaneous category. If user does not want to give sms permission, it should allow user ro make manual expense entries where the user can put amount, note and choose category. User should be able to see expenses in each category. In app settings, give an option to choose currency. The app should also read and enter deposits like salary, refunds, transfers and also allow user to make manual deposit entries. It should display the view as month wise; so if its january 2026, it should display january and all deposits and expenses will go into the current month. User should be able to swipe left for previous months and swipe right for future months. It should display an overall earnings and expenses and balance.